.\" Copyright (c) 2021 Axcient
.\" All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
.\" modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
.\" are met:
.\" 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
.\"    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.\" 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
.\"    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
.\"    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
.\"
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND
.\" ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
.\" IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
.\" ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
.\" FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
.\" DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS
.\" OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
.\" HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
.\" LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY
.\" OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
.\" SUCH DAMAGE.
.\"
.\" $FreeBSD$
.\"
.Dd July 26, 2021
.Dt ZTOP 1
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm ztop
.Nd Display ZFS datasets' I/O in real time
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm
.Op Fl ahrV
.Op Fl d Ar depth
.Op Fl f Ar filter
.Op Fl t Ar time
.Op Fl S Ar key
.Op Ar pool ...
.Sh DESCRIPTION
The
.Nm
utility can be used to monitor the performance of
.Xr zfs 8
datasets.
.Pp
The options are as follows:
.Bl -tag -width indent
.It Fl a , Fl Fl auto
Do not display idle datasets.
.It Fl c , Fl Fl children
Include child datasets' statistics with their parents'.
This is especially useful when combined with
.Ar -d .
.It Fl d , Fl Fl depth Ar depth
Only display datasets up to the given depth.
.It Fl f , Fl Fl filter Ar filter
A regular expression that can be used to only show statistics for some
datasets.
Only datasets with the names matching
.Ar filter
will be displayed.
The format of the regular expression is described at
.Lk https://docs.rs/regex .
.It Fl t , Fl Fl time Ar time
Refresh the
.Nm
display every
.Ar interval
seconds.
Suffixes like
.Cm s , ms ,
and
.Cm us
are accepted.
.It Fl r , Fl Fl reverse
Reverse the sort order
.It Fl s , Fl Fl column Ar column
Sort the devices by
.Ar column .
The spelling of
.Ar column
should match the displayed column header.
.El
.Pp
.Nm
displays performance statistics for ZFS datasets.
If one or more
.Ar pool
are specified, then only those pools' datasets will be displayed.
.Sh INTERACTIVE COMMANDS
These commands are currently recognized.
.Bl -tag -width indent
.It Ic +
Sort by the next column to the right.
.It Ic -
Sort by the next column to the left.
.It Ic <
Halve the update interval.
.It Ic >
Double the update interval.
.It Ic a
Toggle auto mode.
This has the same effect as the
.Fl Fl auto
command line option.
.It Ic c
Toggle children mode.
This has the same effect as the
.Fl Fl children
command line option.
.It Ic D
Decrease the depth of displayed datasets.
.It Ic d
Increase the depth of displayed datasets.
.It Ic f
Display only datasets with the names matching a regular expression
(prompt for filter expression).
.It Ic F
Remove dataset filter.
.It Ic q
Quit
.It Ic r
Toggle reverse sort.
This has the same effect as the
.Fl Fl reverse
command line option.
.El
.Sh EXIT STATUS
.Ex -std
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr zpool-iostat 8
